Add notes for manual override allowed (#427)
seamapi/docs: docs/capability-guides/thermostats/creating-and-managing-thermostat-schedules.md

## Specifying Manual Override Permissions

> When creating a thermostat schedule for a thermostat, you can also specify `is_override_allowed` and the `max_override_period_minutes`. `is_override_allowed` indicates whether a person at the thermostat can change the thermostat's settings after the activation of the scheduled climate preset. `max_override_period_minutes` defines the length of the allowed override period. If an override period is allowed, at the end of this period, Seam sets the thermostat back to the active climate preset. The override period starts again each time a person makes a change at the thermostat.

Reviewer: > whether a person at the thermostat

This should also apply to changes via `/thermostats/heat` etc and `/thermostats/set_climate_preset`.

Author: @razor-x What is `/thermostats/set_climate_preset`? Do you mean `activate_climate_preset`, or did the endpoint change?

Reviewer: Yes i meant activate_climate_preset

> When creating a thermostat schedule for a thermostat, you can also specify `is_override_allowed` and the `max_override_period_minutes`. `is_override_allowed` indicates whether a person at the thermostat or issuing an imperative HVAC or fan mode setting request can change the thermostat's settings after the activation of the scheduled climate preset. `max_override_period_minutes` defines the length of the allowed override period. If an override period is allowed, at the end of this period, Seam sets the thermostat back to the active climate preset. The override period starts again each time a person makes a change at the thermostat.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating a thermostat schedule for a thermostat, you can also specify `is_override_allowed` and the `max_override_period_minutes`. `is_override_allowed` indicates whether a person at the thermostat or using the API, such as issuing an imperative HVAC or fan mode setting request, can change the thermostat's settings after the activation of the scheduled climate preset. `max_override_period_minutes` defines the length of the allowed override period. If an override period is allowed, at the end of this period, Seam sets the thermostat back to the active climate preset. The override period starts again each time a person makes a change at the thermostat or using the API.
```

> When creating a thermostat schedule for a thermostat, you can also specify `is_override_allowed` and the `max_override_period_minutes`. `is_override_allowed` indicates whether a person at the thermostat or using the API, such as issuing an imperative HVAC or fan mode setting request, can change the thermostat's settings after the activation of the scheduled climate preset. `max_override_period_minutes` defines the length of the allowed override period. If an override period is allowed, at the end of this period, Seam sets the thermostat back to the active climate preset. The override period starts again each time a person makes a change at the thermostat or using the API.

Reviewer: Reading this, it's still really awkward grammar. I'm pretty sure the second sentence is not an actual sentence. 
```suggestion
When creating a thermostat schedule for a thermostat, you can specify `is_override_allowed` and optionally the `max_override_period_minutes`. The `is_override_allowed` parameter indicates whether a person at the thermostat or via the Seam API can change the thermostat's settings for the active duration of that thermostat schedule. Setting `max_override_period_minutes` defines the length of the allowed override period. If an override period is allowed, at the end of this period, Seam sets the thermostat back to the climate preset defined by the thermostat schedule. The override period starts again each time a person makes a change at the thermostat or using the API.
```

Author: Actually, it _is_ a sentence, but let's just go with your version.
